**Typedoc**: This seems to be the most promising path as it generates one massive json file with types for almost everything (some functions aren't being parsed for some reason tho, not sure why, for example the Button component in `@react-spectrum/button/dist/types.d.ts`, but ActionButton in the same file does). Output to all the declaration files for json can be found in `plugins/scrapper/docs/documentation.json`, It should be fairly straightforward to write a recursive parser to parse the whole JSON creating classes for each node. Then recursive outputting the desired types (can take a look at `main.py` for some ideas). The only concern is how to find the signature of the missing types declaration (such as the Button component in `@react-spectrum/button/dist/types.d.ts`). Note that it does not expand imports, so you need to parse everything and maybe put it into a hashtable for outputting.

**ts-json-schema-generator/typescript-json-schema** The output for these two libraries are much simpler than Typedoc, but it seems to convert functional types such as `function: () => string` into `"objects"` rather than the full function signature. This could be an idea if we want to simplify things and only provide signature for primitive types/objects consisting of primitive types and other objects. Again it doesn't expland imports, but the output json is much easier to work with than Typedoc.

**web scrapper** Can also try to scrapper data from the spectrum website using a webscrapper. Sample code can be found in `main.py`. I do not recommend this approach as parsing the website is very finicky (web docs do not have syntax checker/strict grammer rules).

Lastly here is the typescript grammer rules for reference: [https://github.com/frenchy64/typescript-parser/blob/master/typescript.ebnf]